Add Postgres Resources section to menu (#11926)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/resources/postgres/which-version-of-postgres.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Print PostgreSQL version',
  description: 'Useful snippet for finding out which version of postgres you are running',
  footerHelpType: 'postgres',
}

> It's important to know which version of PostgreSQL you are running, since each major version has different features and may cause breaking changes. If [upgrading](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/pgupgrade.html) or downgrading a major Postgres version, you may need to update your schema.
> 
> From the [SQL editor](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/sql) you can run the simple query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to know which version of PostgreSQL you are running as each major version has different features and may cause breaking changes. You may also need to update your schema when [upgrading](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/pgupgrade.html) or downgrading to a major Postgres version.

Run the following query using the [SQL Editor](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/sql) in the Supabase Dashboard:
```

```sql
select
  version ();
```

Which should return something like:

```sql
PostgreSQL 15.1 on aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu, compiled by gcc (Ubuntu 10.3.0-1ubuntu1~20.04) 10.3.0, 64-bit
```

> This query can also be executed via psql or any other query editor if you prefer to [connect directly to the database](/docs/guides/database/connecting-to-postgres#direct-connections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query can also be executed via `psql` or any other query editor if you prefer to [connect directly to the database](/docs/guides/database/connecting-to-postgres#direct-connections).
```
